Dad is bad
Dawan Square was robbed by the Qiao family
Fart Lieutenant Governor Lee has suffered so much
How did Qiao Shi Group take it away?
That Qiao Qingge is playing dirty with that trash Lin Fan
They brought in the governor
He took Vice Governor Li and his eldest brother away
Our academic industry has also lost a lot
What!
They've gone too far.
Dad, you have to avenge our family.
Avenge big brother?
No revenge
I was born in vain
This is the cloud-piercing arrow of the Blood Jade Sect.
But the helmsman Guo of this Blood Jade Gate
He doesn't do anything for money?
What is Jiangdong Blood Jade Gate?
This was given to me by Elder Lei of the blood jade gate of the building.
A cloud-piercing arrow
Thousands of troops come to meet
There will be no Qiao family after tomorrow